Author:	xad1
Week: Integration Week


Actions
==========

Monday
Created an algorithm to find the nearest port in the direction the player is facing for use with chance cards.
Fixed bugs in the Battle class by redoing the setCardsWon() method.
Made the bay textures appear.

Hours: 8


Tuesday
Helped integrate the battle screen into the game. Fixed battle issues which were caused by players drawing. 

Hours: 8


Wednesday
Implemented check to make sure the player can not move to the same tile as another ship when it is on a coast or port. 
Made sure that the player being passed is not asked if they want to battle if they are on a coast or port. 
Fixed more issues with the battle screen when players were drawing. 
Redesigned the battle screen to make it look more consistent with the rest of the game.
Stopped the game from being able to be resized.

Hours: 8


Thursday
Removed the option to pick between treasures and cards from the battle screen to fit more with functional requirements.
Helped with the code for the end screen (loading player image, loading treasures that the player has).
Created method to check whether the current player has won the game and loads the end screen which runs when unloading treasure to the port.
Implemented the quit and continue buttons on the end screen.
Fixed bug where the first click of the continue button on the battle screen would result in errors.
Fixed another bug with the battle screen when drawing.
Changed game screen design to look better and be easier to read.

Hours: 10

Friday
Changed the direction arrow code and renamed many image files so we now have different colour arrows for the different players.
Stopped players from being able to close popup windows without clicking one of the buttons.
Removed the unused rules button from the game screen.
Helped research a solution to resizing the player text on the game screen when the user has a long name.
Wrote blog
Project completed and submitted

Hours: 6


Tuesday (10/5/22)
Helped with the maintenance manual.

Hours: 3




Total Hours: 43
