Game rules:

The aim of the game:

Gather 20 points of treasure and return it all to your home port.
There are five different treasures:
Diamonds worth 5 points
Rubies worth 5 points
Gold bards worth 4 points
Pearls worth 3 points
Barrels of rum worth 2 points



At the start of the game:

Each player is dealt five crew cards and their ships placed on the board at their home ports.
The round order is as follows: London -> Genoa -> Marseilles -> Cadiz


Cards:
Each crew card can have a value of 1, 2 or 3 indicating number of pirates.
The colour is either red or black.
The distance a player can move per turn is the total value of all crew cards.
The fighting strength used for battling is calculated by the total value of the difference between red and black cards.



Ship Movement:

You may or may not move your ship in its current direction.
Then you may rotate your ship.
You cannot rotate and then move in the same turn.
If you are in a port you cannot rotate, you must move.
You may move as many squares as the total value of crew cards in your hand.
You cannot rotate your ship in a direction where you cannot move at least one square the next turn.



Initiate Battles:

You can battle other players by moving to their ships' square.
If another player moves through your square you have the option to battle them or let them pass.



Calculate winner:

The fighting strength determines the winner of the battle.
The fighting strength of each player is determined
by the value of the difference between red and black cards in the player's hand.



Winner reward:

The if the loser has treasure and the winner has space, the winner gets the treasure,
any extra treasure is returned to treasure island.
If the loser has no treasure but does have cards, the two lowest value cards are given to the winner.
The winner does not move or change direction.



Loser outcome:

The loser must move at least one square, up to the maximum squares they can, in any direction,
followed by a change in direction.


Treasure Island:
If after moving a player is on a square adjacent to treasure island,
they are dealt a chance card.



Flat island:
If after moving a player is on a square adjacent to flat island,
they are awarded any treasure there from most to least valuable.








